and these are my pride and Joy's at the
moment these are all cherry tomatoes
there's four of them in total as you can
see by the base one two three on the
other side and then I've got one more in
its own separate pot here now the reason
I did that I wanted to see how they
would grow what the difference would be
in terms of having its own pot versus
being bunched together three of them in
a row results being so far you
definitely get a lot of Greenidge in
this one there's a lot more foliage than
as you can see here then on the one
plant but this one definitely is
producing much more fruit as you can see
we tried to count out the number of
tomatoes that were on this single one
the other day and we counted over 50 of
them I believe it may have been 75 so
not too bad for indoor growing
especially considering it is it is
February mid February for late February
and yeah I mean this is great like fresh
tomatoes every Sunday sometimes a couple
times a week I can harvest from them
it's perfect and then you'll see in the
background
get close to here this will be this is
bunching onions so they're just just
seedlings they just started sprouting
out earlier on this week so you can see
there we've got a ways to go yet that is
a cucumber plant now this one right here
I've actually already harvested
cucumbers from but something funny was
happening with the leaves I think it was
either powdery mildew or maybe a
nutrient deficiency but they were going
brown and and starting to necrotize so I
chopped it all back and it's it started
sprouting out new roots or new shoots
and as you can see the leaves leaves are
very healthy so yeah that should get
some more cucumbers out of that and
another month or so you can see the snap
peas right there there's two of them
those were planted about 15 days ago
they're fairly well
good healthy they're not not too stringy
which is good Oh what else and we have
we have these which are strawberry
plants which are being grown from seed
now these were submitted us to focus
here these were an incredible pain to
try to grow from seed which I didn't
find out I guess strawberries are
naturally a bit of a pain to grow from
seed
they usually recommend growing them from
the feeders that are the runners that
come off them but I wanted to see what
it would be like and they are growing so
hopefully we'll get some tomatoes out of
that but yeah so that's that's it for
this so far yeah have a great day